DOCUMENTATION
==================================================

Title : Travelling Salesman Problem :graph:
Group Member :
 - S Hafizh R Harsono
 - Hilmi E A
 - Raditya B H
 - Ridhwan Dewoprabowo
 
Introduction
------------------------------------------

Traveling Salesman Problem, TSP, is a widely known problem in mathematics world. The problem is about figuring a shortest route so the salesman can only visit every node at once and of course he can come back to his office. The algorithm we are going to implement is explained in this video : https://youtu.be/vNqE_LDTsa0. It will be present in a single python script.

Limitation
------------------------------------------

We are yet still confused to implement the end of the algorithm, when 2x2 matrix is discovered. The thing we are working to do is put out two directions. The algorithm is fine, so on the script is good, but we figured out a bug of a test case specialized to debug this part of algorithm. What's surprising is, the error came out from now where else outside this 2x2 matrix.

The Data Structure
------------------------------------------

The main data structure used in this project is GRAPH, presented in an adjaceency array : the index will be representing as the node, the value of the matrix will be representing as the weight of two connected node.

We are designing this graph in a python object, inside of it also the method we are working (algorithm).

The Algorithm by Happy Learning (youtube channel)
--------------------------------------------

To be honest, the algorithm we are using is explained by the person behind this youtube video : https://youtu.be/vNqE_LDTsa0. We are still figuring out the name of algorithm he use, except Minimizing Distance if any.

The idea is, generating all possible directions (such as : A -> C, B -> D, etc), those will be the only directions see us off to the solution (the route).

Step 1 : Create The Matrix
__init__ method in our class will be initialized the object. After initialization it will provide many atributes :
 - num : the number of vertices
 - matrix : the matrix we are working on in the algorithm
 - stat : the clone of matrix attribute, it will not touched by any method except show showGraph method.
 - tsp : it is a dictionary to save the directions we got from the algorithm.
 
Loop :
  We will going to loop following step (2, 3, 4, 5) untill we got 2x2 matrix.
  Step 2 : Minimizing Row
  minimBaris method will perform this step. It will do search algorithm in a row for minimum value (except null), the value will be used to subtract every single value in that row. It loop that action so every row will got the zero value (not null).
  
  Step 3 : Minimizing Collum
  minimKolum method will perform this step. Similar to Step 2, but we are going to mess the matrix in  collum view, not row.
  
  Step 4 : Getting the Penalty
  pinalti method will perform this step. After we perform the previous step (2 and 3), we got zero value in each rows, so on in each collums. According to the video, panelty is kinda degree of each zero value generated by summarize the minimum value of that row and that collum except of that zero value.
  
  Step 5 : Selecting the Penalty, Produce the Direction
  this step is still perform in pinalti method. Knowing all the Penalty of each zero, find the maximum penalty value. It will show you the row index and the collum index, that also show you the direction from this loop. The row's index is representing as origin node, and the collum's index is representing as destination node. The last part in this step is delete the row and the collum of this zero, in python we will assign every value of row and collum to null value.
  
  Step 4 and 5 Optimized
  in this python script, we modify the 4th and 5th step, combine them as a step. while we generete the penalty of each zero, also we find the maximum penalty. Producing the direction will perform at the last part of this step, nothing changed in this part.
  
Step 6 : 2x2 Excecution
The point of this step is getting the last two directions from the matrix. The only way to get those is cross checking [0,0] and [1,1], [0,1] and [1,0], from two of them get a couple that have no null value on it. This step perform roughly in the main generateTSP method. 

generateTSP method
Above steps are packed in a single method named generateTSP, that will mess the matrix attribute, and the result of this method will be saved in tsp attribute. Simply by calling minimBaris, minimKolom, and pinalti inside the loop.

showTSP method
this method will print the route from desired node (prompted in the paramater) and show the cost it take.

How To Use
--------------------------------------------
In the main program, make a graph object and do not forget to define the number of vertices in the parameter.
add : After that make sure you provide all vertices connected to each other by calling add method.
showGraph : You can also can see your graph by simply calling showGraph method. 
showTSP : Calliig showTSP with a single parameter will show you the solution route. But, MAKE SURE to calling generateTSP method before calling this method
